AI Coding Exercise:


Simulate spectroscopic target sample selection of an Uchuu UM redshift snapshot 
box. Should use the available information in the Uchuu UM data *file1.dat, 
*file2.dat, and *file3.dat (details in 
https://skun.iaa.csic.es/SUsimulations/UchuuDR2/Uchuu_UM/Readme_Uchuu_UM_data_st
ructure.txt) to somehow measure the broadband flux for the CFHT MegaCam g, r, 
and u bands (following observations of Bielby+13, use the 1st generation filter 
curves available here: 
https://svo2.cab.inta-csic.es/svo/theory/fps/index.php?mode=browse&gname=CFHT&gn
ame2=MegaCam&asttype=). Color cuts of Bielby+13 are shown in section 2.3.2 of 
their publication 
(https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2013MNRAS.430..425B/abstract). Note, since 
the faintest magnitude cut is r ~ 25, it is possible to make some assumption 
about the conversion from UV mag from Uchuu UM at snapshot redshift z to 
observed CFHT r-band mag and only compute all the broadband fluxes for some 
brightness cut. This color-mag selection is meant to simulate the galaxies that 
we would try to place a fiber on in the PFS survey and measure the spectra to 
obtain a redshift. The expectation is that the galaxies we obtain a robust 
redshift measurement for will be a random downsample from the color-mag 
selection. Therefore, we simply need to randomly select from the color-mag 
sample enough galaxies to match the observed surface density of LBGs, 0.2 per 
sq.arcmin, by projecting the box through a line-of-sight along a box axis, z 
for instance. For AI portion, would welcome other choices to selecting those 
galaxies from the color-mag sample that would have the highest probability of 
being a confirmed LBG spectra. That is, they would be able to satisfy a 
spectral quality cut, an example given in Bielby+13 Section 2.5.

